Update extensions readme (#1205)
radiantearth/stac-spec: extensions/README.md

To incorporate an extension in STAC the 'Identifier' of the extension must be added to the `stac_extensions`
array of the STAC [Catalog](../catalog-spec/catalog-spec.md#stac_extensions), 
[Collection](../collection-spec/collection-spec.md#stac_extensions) or [Item](../item-spec/item-spec.md#stac_extensions)
object. This identifier is a URL to the JSON Schema that allows to validate the fields in the extension.
These JSON Schema URLs also include the version number of the extension. The 'Identifier' can usually be
found in the first lines of the README of any extension made with the
[extension template](https://github.com/stac-extensions/template).

### Extension identifiers in `stac_extensions`

Generally, if an extension is implemented in a STAC file in a place where the extension scope applies to, 
the extension identifier should be added to the `stac_extension` array. The scope of an extension is usually
explained in the README of an extension. Implementing an extension by following the specified requirements usually means including 
fields, but occasionally also means implementing alternate behaviors.

> There is no direct inheritance between childs and parents though, so if for example an Item implements an extension,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is no direct inheritance between children and parents objects though, so if for example an Item implements an extension,
```

Author: ```suggestion
There is no direct inheritance between children and parents though, so if for example an Item implements an extension,
```
